Isn't this the beginning of spring that kills without blinking an eye?
That's not right.
Stand up and talk
What to do
Get lost
You won't come down either
He is a piece of crap
This is not qualified to make you kneel at all.
What the hell are you doing?
I'll fuck you
This is my grandfather
What am I not qualified for?
Tell me again.
I will kill you
Get lost
Sister, are you still satisfied with this processing result?
I beg you to save my life
It's not that you don't believe me, I do.
I believe anything you say
In the future, you will say that I jumped out of a stone.
I believe in you.
Give me your stuff
This is Chen Yuan
I don't care if it's smashed or burned
I can't destroy this Buddha bead by any means.
What do you say should be done?
only